Hello again and for the last time.
Congratulations on making it this far.
Here's what we learned over the last few lessons.
We started out looking at costs in the cloud,
and how to monitor and optimize them.
Next, we looked at performance,
starting with scaling and then taking a deep dive into storage,
archive, and database options.
We also looked at message queues and networking.
In the serverless lesson,
we discussed cloud migration in AWS Lambda.
We also looked at the cost of serverless and learned that,
in the right situation,
using serverless can bring huge cost savings.
We also looked at API Gateway, DynamoDB, and containers.
Finally, in our last lesson,
we talked about infrastructure as code and got
an overview of Terraform and IaC best practices.
Thank you for taking the time to walk with me through the essentials of AWS Cloud costs,
performance, serverless, and IaC.
If this nanodegree program has been your first exposure
to the AWS public cloud and cloud architecture,
I hope you're starting to gain an understanding of cloud compute potential and
how to compare and contrast the cost and performance to that of the data center.
This has been an introduction to dozens of cloud concepts and services.
As you know, technical concepts build on each other and take time and experience to grow.
You've taken the first big step to acquiring the skills
required to be a cloud cost and performance champion,
and I commend you for your decision.
When you have time,
read the articles and watch the videos provided at the end of
the lessons to deepen your understanding of cloud resource management.
You may be surprised how quickly your beginner efforts and
knowledge become advanced understanding and expertise.
It's been a pleasure walking through these lessons
with you and I look forward to meeting and
interacting with some of you in the future in
your careers as cloud architects and engineers.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6